108 update naming standards for new profiles (#111)
commonprofiles-care/fhir: input/pagecontent/index.md

### Ongoing/upcoming work:
* Profiles and workflow patterns for appointment bookings.

### Naming standard:

> * [Here](naming-standard.md) you find out namning standards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Here](naming-standard.md) you find our naming standards for new artifacts.
```
